Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Greetings from the real universe.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Instead of a bachelorette party
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
The book is in front of the table.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.